Course introduction and syllabus:
The course provides the theoretical, methodological, technological, and design knowledge related to automatic language and text comprehension,
situating the innovative paradigms introduced by Large Language Models within the general framework for building Natural Language Processing (NLP) systems,
along with the numerous modern applications of these technologies.

Knowledge and Understanding:
Fundamental concepts of Natural Language Processing (NLP) systems.
Standard language models.
Transformer-based Large Language Models (LLMs).
NLP applications using Large Language Models.
Prompt engineering.
Fine-tuning of Large Language Models.

Ability to Apply Knowledge and Understanding:
Design and development of an NLP system based on Large Language Models.
Effective integration of existing technologies and tools.
Optimal configuration of operational parameters.


This is the list of argouments of the course:
Basic concepts of NLP
NLP tasks, evolution, and applications
Tokenization
Stemming and Lemmatization
Bag of Words and N-Grams
Similarity measures
Word embeddings
TF-IDF vectors
Classification techniques
Clustering of text
Word embeddings
Application of CNNs (Convolutional Neural Networks) in text analysis
Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) models
LSTM (Long Short-Term Memory) models
Named Entity Recognition (NER)
Question Answering
Self-attention mechanism in transformers
Multi-head attention in transformers
Positional encoding in transformers
Masking in transformers
Encoder and decoder components of a Transformer
Encoder-only, BERT and popular variants
Decoder-only, GPT and LLAMA
Encoder-Decoder, T5 and popular
Introduction to Hugging Face
Training of an LLM
Zero-shot prompting
Few-shot prompting
Chain-of-thought prompting
Self-consistency prompting
Generated knowledge
Prompt chaining
ReAct (Reasoning + Acting)
Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG)
Feature-based fine-tuning
Parameter-efficient fine-tuning (PEFT)
Low-Rank Adaptation (LoRA)
Reinforcement Learning with Human Feedback (RLHF) (Concept of RLHF and how it's applied to LLMs)

